Link navigator.language and Intl (#29347)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/intl/index.md

log("de-DE"); // 24.5.2012 26.254,39
```

### Using the browser's preferred language

Instead of passing a hardcoded locale name to the `Intl` methods, you can use the user's preferred language provided by {{domxref("navigator.language")}}:

```js
const date = new Date("2012-05-24");

const formattedDate = new Intl.DateTimeFormat(navigator.language).format(date);
```

> 
> ### Using the browser's list of preferred languages
> 
> The {{domxref("navigator.languages")}} property provides a sorted list of the user's preferred languages. This list can be passed directly to the `Intl` constructors to implement preference-based fallback selection of locales. The [locale negotiation](#locale-identification-and-negotiation) process is used to pick the most appropriate locale available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Alternatively, the {{domxref("navigator.languages")}} property provides a sorted list of the user's preferred languages. This list can be passed directly to the `Intl` constructors to implement preference-based fallback selection of locales. The [locale negotiation](#locale_identification_and_negotiation) process is used to pick the most appropriate locale available:
```

- {{jsxref("Date.prototype.toLocaleString()")}}
- {{jsxref("Date.prototype.toLocaleDateString()")}}
- {{jsxref("Date.prototype.toLocaleTimeString()")}}

> - {{domxref("navigator.language")}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{domxref("navigator.language")}}
- {{domxref("navigator.languages")}}
```
